Knife, we found the kidnapper's hideout
We're going to save my sister-in-law
Something happened to Ruoxue, he was kidnapped
Help me check two people
These two people are extremely dangerous
Did you find it?
What are these two people?
One is a mercenary, the world-famous single soldier Wang Jem
The other is the top killer known as the man-eating snake Mina
They received orders from the mercenary world
Just came to kill me
Confirmed that it is now in the mercenary world
The price of the Dragon Slayer program has risen to $2 billion
2 billion dollars. I'm not looking for them
They come to their door.
adult
I sent someone to Liangdong to rescue your lover before
But the show and Mina's strength
Far more than Xiang Liangdong and the others
I guess you're right.
Xiang Liangdong is definitely no match for the two of them
But their target is me
So I believe in weak snow and cool summer and winter
It shouldn't be life-threatening.
Do you need me to go to the old leader and ask him to rank knowledge?
Not necessarily.
This is my personal matter, I can handle it myself
Then I'll accompany you to meet them. Okay.